[docs] Add Resources section (#264)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/overview/overview.md

- Column hiding
- [Accessible](/components/data-grid/accessibility/)

### 🚧 Upcoming features

> While the data grid component is still burgeoning, there are many new existing features that we plan to implement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While development of the data grid component is moving fast, there are still many additional features that we plan to implement:
```

- [Filtering](/components/data-grid/filtering/)
- [Cell editing](/components/data-grid/editing/)
- Headless
- [Localization](/components/data-grid/localization/)
- [Group & Pivot](/components/data-grid/group-pivot/) ⚡️
- [Export](/components/data-grid/export/)

You can find more details on our living quarterly [roadmap](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/projects/1) as well as on the open [GitHub issues](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues?q=is%3Aopen+label%3A%22component%3A+DataGrid%22+label%3Aenhancement).

## Resources

> A couple of resources you might be interested in to learn more about the grid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some resources you might be interested in to learn more about the grid:
```

- A [fullscreen demo](https://muix-preview.netlify.app/#/grid)
- The storybook used for [internal development](https://material-ui-x.netlify.app/storybook/)

> - The [sources](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/tree/master/packages/grid) on GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [source on GitHub](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/tree/master/packages/grid) 
```

> - The [Material Design](https://material.io/design/components/data-tables.html) specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Material Design specification](https://material.io/design/components/data-tables.html) specification
```

- The accessibility [WAI-ARIA authoring practices](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#grid)

> - The [Sketch](https://material-ui.com/store/items/sketch-react/) and [Figma](https://material-ui.com/store/items/figma-react/) components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Sketch](https://material-ui.com/store/items/sketch-react/) and [Figma](https://material-ui.com/store/items/figma-react/) design assets
```
